Add examples for Hadoop and Kubernetes (#863)
clearlinux/clear-linux-documentation: source/guides/stacks/dars.rst

      docker pull clearlinux/stacks-dars-mkl

#. Once you have downloaded the image, you can run it with this command, which will launch the image and drop you into a bash shell inside the container.

   .. code-block:: bash

      docker run -it --ulimit nofile=1000000:1000000 --name mkl --network host --rm -i -t <name-of-image>

   Command Flags

   :command:`--ulimit nofile=` is required in order to increase the allowed number of open files for the Apache Spark\* engine.

   :command:`--name` can be any name of your choice.  This guide is using `mkl`

   :command:`--network host` flag is for simplicity, so the host machine's IP address can be used to access the container.

>    If you need to verify the name of the DARS image for the <name-of-image> flag, you can use the :command:`docker image ls` command to see which images reside on your system.

Reviewer: Can you simplify the final sentence and make it parallel to the others? Something like:
```suggestion
   :command: `<name-of-image>`  Enter :command:`docker image ls` if you need to find the name of the image.
```

.. note::

>    All of the DARS components are compiled on Open JDK11\*. The container will have preinstalled JDK11 at :file:`/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk/` and it has been set as the default Java version. It is worth mentioning that the containers also contain Open JDK8, but we won't be using it in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All of the DARS components are compiled on Open JDK11\*. The container will have preinstalled JDK11 at :file:`/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk/` and it has been set as the default Java version. While containers include Open JDK8, it's not covered this guide.
```

The DARS container is used in conjunction with the Deep Learning Reference Stack container to implement a real world use case.  Refer to the `Github Issue Classification`_ Usecase found in the `stacks-usecase`_ repository for a walkthrough.  This usecase is implemented using the Scala environment, rather than PySpark.

Using Apache Hadoop in DARS
***************************

Apache Hadoop is an open source framework allowing for distributed processing of large data sets across clusters of computers using simple programming models. This framework is designed to scale up from a few servers to thousands of machines, each offering local computation and storage.

Single Node Hadoop Cluster Setup
================================

> In this mode, all the daemons involved i.e. the DataNode, NameNode, TaskTracker and JobTracker run as Java processes on the same machine. This setup is useful for developing and testing Apache Hadoop applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, all the daemons involved (e.g., DataNode, NameNode, TaskTracker, JobTracker) run as Java processes on the same machine. This setup is useful for developing and testing Apache Hadoop applications.
```

The components of an Apache Hadoop Cluster are described below:

* NameNode manages HDFS storage. HDFS exposes a filesystem namespace and allows user data to be stored in files. Internally a file is split into one or more blocks and these blocks are stored in a set of DataNodes.

> * DataNode is also known as Slave node, it is responsible for storing and managing the data in that node and responds to the NameNode for all filesystem operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DataNode is also known as Slave node. It is responsible for storing and managing the data in that node, and it responds to the NameNode for all filesystem operations.
```

* JobTracker is a master which creates and runs the job through tasktrackers. It also tracks resource availability and task lifecycle management.
* TaskTracker manages the processing resources on each worker node and send status updates to the JobTracker periodically.

Configuration
=============

> #. To setup a single node cluster we need to run a DARS container with the following flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To setup a single node cluster, run a DARS container with the following flags:
```

              <value>org.apache.hadoop.mapred.ShuffleHandler</value>
          </property>
      </configuration>

Start the Apache Hadoop daemons
===============================

#. Format the NameNode server using this command:

   .. code-block:: bash

      hdfs namenode -format

#. Start the Apache Hadoop services

   HDFS Namenode service :

   .. code-block:: bash

      hdfs --daemon start namenode

   HDFS Datanode service :

   .. code-block:: bash

      hdfs --daemon start datanode

   Yarn ResourceManager :

   .. code-block:: bash

      yarn --daemon start resourcemanager

   Yarn NodeManager :

   .. code-block:: bash

      yarn --daemon start nodemanager

   jobhistory service :

   .. code-block:: bash

      mapred --daemon start historyserver

#. Verify the nodes are alive with this command:

   .. code-block:: bash

      yarn node -list 2

   Your output will look similar to:

   .. code-block:: console

      Total Nodes:1
         Node-Id             Node-State Node-Http-Address       Number-of-Running-Containers
      <hostname>:43489            RUNNING <hostname>:8042                      0

> Run an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example application
```

==============

Apache Hadoop comes packages with a set of example  applications. In this example we will show how to use the cluster to calculate Pi. The JAR file containing the compiled class can be found on your running DARS container at :file:`/usr/share/hadoop/mapreduce/hadoop-mapreduce-examples-3.2.0.jar`

.. code-block:: bash

   hadoop jar /usr/share/hadoop/mapreduce/hadoop-mapreduce-examples-$(hadoop version | grep Hadoop | cut -d ' ' -f2).jar pi 16 100

Deploy DARS on Kubernetes\*
***************************

> Many containerized workloads are deployed in clusters managed by orchestration software like Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many containerized workloads are deployed in clusters managed by orchestration software like Kubernetes\*.
```

Author: The \* is applied in the section title, is it necessary here too?

Reviewer: You're right. It's fine. I think I overlooked the subhead.

   .. code-block:: bash

        cat > $(pwd)/Dockerfile << 'EOF'
        ARG DERIVED_IMAGE
        FROM ${DERIVED_IMAGE}

        RUN mkdir -p /etc/passwd /etc/pam.d /opt/spark/conf /opt/spark/work-dir

        RUN set -ex && \
            rm /bin/sh && \
            ln -sv /bin/bash /bin/sh && \
            touch /etc/pam.d/su \
            echo "auth required pam_wheel.so use_uid" >> /etc/pam.d/su && \
            chgrp root /etc/passwd && chmod ug+rw /etc/passwd

        RUN ln -s /usr/share/apache-spark/jars/ /opt/spark/ && \
            ln -s /usr/share/apache-spark/bin/ /opt/spark/ && \
            ln -s /usr/share/apache-spark/sbin/ /opt/spark/ && \
            ln -s /usr/share/apache-spark/examples/ /opt/spark/ && \
            ln -s /usr/share/apache-spark/kubernetes/tests/ /opt/spark/ && \
            ln -s /usr/share/apache-spark/data/ /opt/spark/ && \
            ln -s /etc/spark/* /opt/spark/conf/

        COPY entrypoint.sh /opt/
        ENV JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk
        ENV PATH="${JAVA_HOME}/bin:${PATH}"
        ENV SPARK_HOME /opt/spark
        WORKDIR /opt/spark/work-dir
        ENTRYPOINT [ "/opt/entrypoint.sh" ]
        EOF

> #. The Dockerfile requires an entrypoint script, to allow spark-submit to interact with the container using the given arguments. Create the :file:`entrypoint.sh` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.   Create the :file:`entrypoint.sh` file.  The Dockerfile requires an entrypoint script to allow spark-submit to interact with the container. 
```

      --conf spark.kubernetes.container.image=${DARS_K8S_IMAGE} \
      --conf spark.kubernetes.driver.pod.name=spark-pi-driver \
      --conf spark.kubernetes.namespace=default \
      --conf spark.kubernetes.authenticate.driver.serviceAccountName=spark-serviceaccount \
      local:///usr/share/apache-spark/examples/jars/spark-examples_2.12-2.4.0.jar

#. Check the Job. Read the logs and look for the Pi result:

   .. code-block:: bash

      kubectl logs spark-pi-driver | grep "Pi is roughly"

   You should see something like:

   .. code-block:: console

      Pi is roughly 3.1418957094785473

More information about spark-submit configuration is available in the  `running-on-kubernetes`_ documentation.

Troubleshooting
***************

Dropped or refused connection
=============================

If Pyspark / Spark-shell warns of a dropped connection exception or Connection refused, check if the `HADOOP_CONF_DIR` environment variable is set. These APIs assume they will use Hadoop Distributed File System.
You can unset `HADOOP_CONF_DIR` and use Spark RDDs, or start Hadoop services and then create your directories and files as required using hdfs.

> It is also possible to change the file system to local without unsetting `HADOOP_CONF_DIR` as is further described here:

Reviewer: Replace the end of this sentence.
```suggestion
It is also possible to change the file system to local without unsetting `HADOOP_CONF_DIR`, using one of these commands.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   spark-shell --conf "spark.hadoop.fs.defaultFS=file:///"

Using Spark with proxy settings
===============================

There are two ways to work with proxies:

#. Add the following line to  :file:`$SPARK_CONF_DIR/spark-defaults.conf` for both `spark.executor.extraJavaOptions` and `spark.driver.extraJavaOptions` variables:

.. code-block:: console

   -Dhttp.proxyHost=<URL> -Dhttp.proxyPort=<PORT> -Dhttps.proxyHost=<URL> -Dhttps.proxyPort=<PORT>

#. Give the proxies URL and Port as a configuration parameter

.. code-block:: bash

   pyspark --conf "spark.hadoop.fs.defaultFS=file:///" --conf "spark.driver.extraJavaOptions=-Dhttp.proxyHost=example.proxy -Dhttp.proxyPort=111 -Dhttps.proxyHost=example.proxy -Dhttps.proxyPort=112"

.. code-block:: bash

   spark-shell --conf "spark.hadoop.fs.defaultFS=file:///" --conf "spark.driver.extraJavaOptions=-Dhttp.proxyHost=example.proxy -Dhttp.proxyPort=111 -Dhttps.proxyHost=example.proxy -Dhttps.proxyPort=112"

Known issues
============

#. There is an exception message `Unrecognized Hadoop major version number: 3.2.0 at org.apache.hadoop.hive.shims.ShimLoader.getMajorVersion.`

> This exception can be disregarded because DARS does not use hadoop.hive.shims. Hive binaries installed from Apache on |CL| with JDK11 does not work, this is an issue reported on Hive's Jira.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exception can be disregarded because DARS does not use hadoop.hive.shims. Hive binaries installed from Apache on |CL| with JDK11 does not work at the time of this writing.
```
